Example to show how bundle variables work (#21)
databricks/bundle-examples: knowledge_base/bundle_variables/README.md

> # bundle_variables

Reviewer: I think a real title would be nice. Given it's a KB topic, how about "How to validate bundle variables"?

> Example to show how bundle variables work.
> 
> We will focus on the behavior of the variables section alone. To do so, we exclusively use
> the `validate` command, and use its JSON output mode to focus on the variables section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how to validate the custom variables you have defined for your bundle using the `bundle validate` command and its JSON output mode.
```

Reviewer: I think that is the main intent of this KB, but another sentence could also be added about showing how to set variable defaults.

> 

Reviewer: Are there any prerequisites worth mentioning? It might be a good standard just to list the supported CLI version for any KB?

> ## Usage

Reviewer: This singular heading feels unnecessary and also doesn't seem like quite the right word. I'd either remove it (acceptable for a KB e.g., https://kb.databricks.com/en_US/clusters/calculate-number-of-cores) or break up the content into at least two headings. (I'd lean towards the former.)

> Configure the workspace to use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, configure your workspace:
```

```sh
export DATABRICKS_CONFIG_PROFILE="<workspace profile>"
```

> Try to run validate without arguments:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, run `bundle validate` using the JSON output mode and `jq` to retrieve just the variables node.
```

Reviewer: I wasn't sure how this command was "without arguments" but maybe I'm misunderstanding the intent there. Also, I'm not sure if it's necessary to state that last bit as most devs know all about jq, but it feels most complete.

```sh
databricks bundle validate --output json | jq .variables
```

> Because the configuration includes a variable definition without a value, it returns an error
> saying that the value must be defined:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because the configuration includes a variable definition without a value, it returns the following error:
```

```
Error: no value assigned to required variable "no_default".
```

> Assign a value for this variable by either:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To assign a value to this variable, you can either:
```

> 1. Adding a `--var` flag to all bundle commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add a `--var` flag to all bundle commands:
```

Reviewer: These aren't steps (numbered list) but a list of options (bulleted list).  However, I like making it really clear (see the next comment)...

> ```sh
> databricks bundle validate --var no_default="injected value"
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ```sh
  databricks bundle validate --var no_default="injected value"
  ```
```

> ```

Reviewer: Indent these to fit under the bullet.

> 2. Configuring an environment variable:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Configure an environment variable:
```

Reviewer: (But this might look weird, or not follow our style)

```sh
export BUNDLE_VAR_no_default="injected value"
```

> Now, try to run validate again, and observe that it passes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, run validate again, and observe that it succeeds in outputting valid JSON:
```

```sh
databricks bundle validate --var no_default="injected value" --output json | jq .variables
```

> Example output:

Reviewer: This feels unnecessary.

> Example output:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```json
{
  "no_default": {
    "description": "This is a variable with no default value",
    "value": "injected value"
  },
  "with_default": {
    "description": "This is a variable with a default value",
    "value": "hello"
  },
  "with_default_in_targets": {
    "default": "value_in_development",
    "description": "This is a variable with its default value defined in the targets section",
    "value": "value_in_development"
  }
}
```

> What we've seen:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In summary:
```
